This is a somewhat simple python program for sending bulk emails with pdf attachements, the signature of the email can be set, and templates can be made for whatever kind of bulk email is necessary. Templates can also be loaded from .msg files, I would prefer this to be done with win32com but it was necessary to have another script do this. 

The email inputs input any string, but obviously any string is not an email address, this will be an error, but since entries can be loaded, any entry can be edited as needed. There may be ways of entering emails and text that break things, especially since some of the manual email input code has been edited without testing since it functions alongside the template code, but these should hopefully be  very far edge cases. 

Most descriptions of how the buttons and inputs work are handled with popups, which I think is quite clean. The code is taken from a post on stackoverflow but I found it quite understandable, especially after making the choice_window class from scratch. 

The rest of tkinter for creating the main_window is made without the class structure, but it may get cleaned up at some point, though the way it is currently organized doesn't feel like it would be incredibly benefited from the change. There are some small repeated sections that may be put into methods at some point as well, but overall the structure feels okay aside from it being a little long. I may separate the whole thing into distinct files at some point. These are all "would be nice to do" things. 
